Add notes on merging conflicts (#1192)
MarkBind/markbind: docs/devGuide/maintainerGuide.md

    `Add built-in support for light themes from bootswatch (#745)`
    
    b. For non-trivial PRs, ensure that there is a sensible commit message accompanied by it. **Rationale:** So that future developers have an idea of what is going on for this PR without having to go back to the GitHub website.
    

>     c. Before confirming the merging do ensure that no other PRs are merged to master **after you drafted the merging commit's title and message**. Otherwise GitHub may glitch out and merge your PR without squashing. (Reference: [MarkBind#1160](https://github.com/MarkBind/markbind/pull/1160))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    c. Before confirming the merge, do ensure that no other PRs have been merged to master **since the time you started drafting the merging commit's title and message**. Otherwise, you may face a glitch where GitHub merges your PR without squashing. (Reference: [MarkBind#1160](https://github.com/MarkBind/markbind/pull/1160))
```

3. Ensure that a version milestone is tagged to the PR. **Reason:** We may have missed it during the "Approval" stage, so please add the version milestone if it is missing, so that the drafting of the release notes during the release process will be easier.

> **Note**: Before confirming the merging do ensure that no other PRs are merged to master **after you drafted the merging commit's title and message**. Otherwise GitHub may glitch out and merge your PR without squashing. (Reference: [MarkBind#1160](https://github.com/MarkBind/markbind/pull/1160))

Reviewer 2: I think this should be under the Actual Merging section (maybe somewhere near L22?)
